This is a short lecture about fleg, sporks in excess, if you already understand it, you can skip
this lecture.
Understanding Flex, Boggs is crucial to learn how to create layouts effectively.
I have created this simple page to help you understand the basics.
It is available as a download in this lecture, resources.
You don't have to download it right now.
It's enough to just watch as we won't write any code yet, but just in case the file is there.
Flex spokes layout consists of the flex container that's the one with the red border.
And flex items, those are the ones with the green border.
As you can see, the Flakes box is about positioning the green items inside a red item.
The green items themselves can also be separate flex containers, having their own items.
The basic parameter of Fleck's box container is the direction.
Is either roll, so items are positioned from left to right, that's a default setting.
Or column, so items are positioned from top to bottom.
Each flex container has the main axis.
And the cross axes.
It's important to understand this as whenever you read any flex book related documentation, you will
see the reference to the main axis and the cross axis.
So with the default role direction, so from left to right, main axis is horizontal.
And cross axis is vertical.
With the column direction, so from top to the bottom is the other way around.
Example, no one presents the default elements positioning on flex container with the wrong direction.
Example number three with the column direction.
Next, items can be aligned on both main and cross axes.
The line items, property line items on the cross axes, in the example number two, you can see items
are centered vertically.
And in the example, number four.
Items are centered horizontally.
Though there is much more to flex box, you are free to explore it further by reading the great article
on the end.
The link can be found in lecture resources and then reading about Fleck's utility classes in Bootstrap
Documentation Link is also in the resources.
What you've learned so far would be enough for us to proceed with a real example.